Things to work on


NFC needs a dashboard

Network tools needs a complete revision

ODK form launcher could do with a complete round trip with hardening so it can't look over collect's shoulder 

Online API get needs a dashboard and better view for custom endpoint

What is "other" module - linked to one shot runs? Vestigial? 

Sampling needs a dashboard that includes output viewer

Scoring needs a dashboard

SMS needs access to contacts. Optional favourites and history, send receipts. Read receipts? 

Live sensor scope should have real time x axis and should export trace as well as snapshot

Web round-trip probably now very enketo specific. There's also an odk form specific one so maybe move the round trip into that name space and start fresh with a generic that when closed confirms round trip. Investigate Google forms and Microsoft forms as those are primary use cases

Lower priority 

Acoustics need dashboard for all functions and capabilities need to stop skipping to completion card

Amateur radio needs more minimalist and pretty dashboard.b individual capabilities need single card UI not completion screen

Cryptography is obscure needs dashboard

New capabilities. 

Text reader - bbedit 

Markdown reader with source/render view and function to convert to pdf.

Terminal emulator and python script connection? This is A++
Quarto render? 

Compatibility with home assistant - bridge? 

Scheduler struggled with launching non notification presets so needs hardening. 

New types of widgets. Persistent dashboard

Audio notifications and unlocked notifications as currently only on lock screen

Torch functions - dim, flasher, morse

Network tools - uptime, connections, data flow, notify when network goes down for n seconds 

Quality assurance testing. Routes and security rounds. Freezer monitoring, attribution. 

Scientific calculator

Currency exchange with toggle to show on both sides like conversation mode

Consider moving files to a permanent external folder for easy access. At present not very useful to have internal store 

File system module, open a specific folder on device etc

Espionage tools? 

Comic books reader and library
Ebook reader and library
Secure TOTP/HOTP etc

Audio output options - equaliser etc
Translation use right earphones channel as voice input and left as translation output

Connect one phone to two Bluetooth headsets and channel all audio to both

Move darts scorer into the app

Pedometer and tracking walking etc in background services

Offline maps like maps. Me. Simple not a replacement for existing but a nice widget would be good with refresh to location and search

Pulse measured with flashlight etc. Breathing with camera etc. other medical stuff. Both cameras

THERMAL imaging via esp

RFID read write via esp

Better GPS functions like satellite detection, stuff that GPS essentials does 

Checklists

Plain notes 

Audio notes

Post it notes 

Sketch notes 

Fingerprint scanners

Train and bus timetable API? Anything global?

Train and bus timetable API? Anything global?

Net analyser basically clone net analyser app

Plant identification

Ai model bridge - see the research os vision runner prototype

Task reminders with alarm

Trello style light kanban
FM/am/SW Radio?
Medication tracker
Contraceptive tracker
HRT tracker
Dream journal on sleep screen. Always in dark mode.
Dashboard generation. Pulls data from odk, runs python returns dashboard to another odk form
Ping network
Get network time 
Asjust clock to trusted time
Harden qr scanner to various formats and non canonical links
